>>SUZY MILLER: Many
kids on the spectrum
are so adept at seeing into
us that very often they
see things within us that
we have so long ago buried.
The frequency of emotion is
you might say subtle enough
for them to connect to.
It's a frequency mismatch.
That kid is banging his
head up against the wall.
I always ask parents, I
mean, it seems so simple,
but how is it that we might
be banging our heads up
against the wall?
Seeing is not just seeing.
Hearing is not just hearing.
Touch is not just touch.
It's so much more
than that for them
because every way in which
they're using those senses,
they are gleaning
additional information.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Right.
>>SUZY: They are not
only hearing the loudness
or quietness of an experience,
but they are also hearing
all kinds of other information.
Children diagnosed with autism
hear what you don't say.
>>REGINA: Suzy Miller
has spent the past 20
years working with and learning
from autistic children.
She's been telling us that
what we see on the outside
is not what's going
on inside their minds.
And that many have come to
Earth from times far past.
Since the numbers of
people on the spectrum
has been rising
by the year, we're
going to take a deeper look
into these beings in all
the iterations.
Thank you so much
for coming back.
It's been a few years--
>>SUZY: It has.
>>REGINA: --since we've
been together here.
A lot has happened in that time.
>>SUZY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And the sheer
numbers statistically
of people being born that are
termed on the spectrum, which
is almost becoming kind of
a garbage bucket diagnosis.
>>SUZY: Totally.
>>REGINA: Honestly.
It's like a few other
things, that you
don't know where to put it, so
what else are you going to say?
But in reality, there's a
very wide array of beings.
So before we go
into all of that,
let's talk about
that part itself.
Just get some defining factors
here about the different kinds
of autism and on the spectrum
people that you're working with
and you're seeing.
>>SUZY: Yeah.
So the kids that I work
with or the parents
that find me are typically
the parents of children
who are those higher
dimensional beings and they
are looking very specifically
to come in and integrate.
>>REGINA: What we would call
more high function, or no,
not necessarily.
>>SUZY: No, not necessarily.
I think it has a lot more to
do with when they've come in,
like the timing
that they came in.
So a lot of children who
maybe came in 25, 30 years ago
that were diagnosed
with autism did not
have the vibrational support
in order to fully embody all
that they are.
But that doesn't mean that
in the realms and realities
that they hang out
that they aren't
very proficient in higher
states of consciousness.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SUZY: So, I have a
tendency to have all kinds
of different kids come to me.
Some of them are
considered vaccine injured.
considered low functioning
or high functioning.
But honestly, they all
have a common denominator.
And that common
denominator is, I'd say,
the vibrational
information that they've
come with and their
attempts to get
their parents and the
people, the adults,
around them to really
kind of take a,
might say, a bit of a quantum
leap into those higher
states of consciousness.
So that's what they're here
for and what it's all about.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, so for
those who haven't
seen our previous
interviews, because it's
been a little while, let's
talk about how you began
and how you began noticing
these real differences
in the internal kind
of consciousness
wiring of the people
coming before you.
>>SUZY: Yeah.
So my story is pediatric
speech language pathologist
to multidimensional
communicator.
And so it was--
yeah, and a rocky journey
sometimes in there as well.
But nevertheless, I mean at the
hands of one of these children,
I was opened up to my own
multidimensional sight
and capacity.
And with that
capacity, he then asked
me to help him integrate
his light body back
into the physical body.
And every client
I've worked with,
every child I've worked
with in the last 25 years
has been the same.
So there-- and for
whatever reason,
they have been kind of stuck in
between worlds, you might say.
But that's not unlike us.
Each one of us is kind of stuck
in between worlds as well.
There's that part of us that
is that higher dimensional
consciousness that the
essence of who we are.
And then there's the
human conditioned part.
And so we're all dancing
between these two worlds.
And as far as I'm concerned,
the vast majority of these kids
have come so that they
can, in some ways,
show us what doesn't work
for humanity anymore,
what's not in our highest
and best interest, how
we need to move out of our
limited perception of who
we are.
And they're constantly
inviting us to more.
>>REGINA: Well,
we're going to get
to a point in the conversation--
we're going to talk about some
of those things that aren't
working that are really
going to have to change because
of the presence on Earth.
So first of all,
let's talk about what
happens when a being who's
considered on the spectrum
is born with a very
different emotional structure
than their family.
>>SUZY: Well, there's a couple
of different pieces here.
From my vantage
point, they are born
at a completely different
frequency band, you might say,
completely different vibration.
They have completely different
levels of information
that they have access to than
what their parents have access
to.
So, one of the very first
places where these kids are
able to interface
with their parents
is at the emotional body level.
And I'm not talking just about
emotions as feelings emotions,
that kind of thing.
I'm talking about the
frequency of emotion.
So the frequency of emotion
is you might say subtle enough
for them to connect to,
but complicated enough
that when they do connect
with that level of experience,
sometimes they're
repelled by it.
So let's imagine if
you have a child who
comes in kind of like--
I always say it's like having an
angel show up in that frequency
and there is challenge
in the household,
or there's anger,
frustration, irritation,
whatever might be going
on in the household.
There's a frequency
mismatch, right?
And so the children
are constantly--
when that happens, the
kids are constantly
attempting to get their
parents or other adults
in their environment to actually
see where that's going on,
what's going on for
them within their own--
>>REGINA: Well, give examples
of how that would work?
>>SUZY: --emotional body.
Yep, so an example
of that would be,
let's say a kid who might be
considered low functioning
by medical allopathic kind of
more Western medical standards,
that kid is banging his head
up against the wall, literally.
And I always ask parents,
I mean, it seems so simple,
but how is it that we might
be banging our heads up
against the wall?
How is it that we
might be frustrated?
How is it that we might be just
not able to literally express
something and share something?
And so it literally
has driven us
to the place where we feel
like we're banging our heads up
against the wall.
And as soon as we can
direct the parent to that
and they start looking
at that, oh my gosh,
yes, this is how I feel.
The minute they understand
how they feel and they start
processing some of that energy,
their children very frequently
stop the behaviors that
they were reflecting back.
And they're not reflecting
these behaviors back
to tell the parents that
they're wrong, or bad,
or don't have it together.
>>REGINA: They're literally
almost an unconscious messenger
of it in a way.
>>SUZY: They're an
unconscious mirror--
>>REGINA: Mirror.
>>SUZY: --of what hasn't
been yet integrated
not just within the parents,
but within the whole lineage.
Many kids on the spectrum are
so adept at seeing into us
that very often they
see things within us
that we have so long ago
buried that we don't even
know are there.
So we kind of scan the surface.
>>REGINA: Can you give me an
example of a couple of those?
>>SUZY: Well, I'll give you
an example, a personal one.
Even back when I was
a speech pathologist
and still just developing
some of this skill set,
I would go in to see this
kid and he was semi-verbal
and he would come in and
he would say sad, sad, sad.
And at first I was
like, are you sad?
What's going on?
No, he was talking about
the sadness that was still
unintegrated within me, right?
But the minute I figured that
out, that went away, right?
And I've seen so
many times where
parents will have certain
experiences, like I
had one parent a
long time ago who she
was a very A-type personality.
So she was a lot of lists,
and get everything done,
and that kind of thing.
And she was always talking
to herself in her head.
Her son was a teenager
and he was just
verbally communicating all the
time, asking her questions,
asking her questions,
asking her questions.
And we were kind of having
a conversation about this
and all of a sudden, I was
like, what kind of questions
are you asking yourself?
You know, what kind of lists
are you making in your head?
And he used to literally walk
around with a paper and pencil.
Here's my list.
She woke up one morning and she
went, oh my gosh, it's my list.
>>REGINA: He's mimicking her.
>>SUZY: He's mimicking
my need for information.
My need to know in order
to feel comfortable.
And as soon as she
got it, he literally
put the list down on
the bed and walked away.
>>REGINA: Amazing.
>>SUZY: So, so many people
talk about this population
as not being very
connected emotionally.
But I think it's exactly
the opposite of that.
I think they are so
connected emotionally
that they don't have any other
option other than to act out
what they're seeing, because
a lot of times they don't
have verbal communication.
A lot of times their parents
are not yet telepathic
or there is not that ability
to connect in that way.
So the only way they
have of demonstrating
to the parents what is yet
to be integrated within them
and thus help the kids
integrate is to act it out.
>>REGINA: Yeah, out.
So they're as you're
saying super connected
on levels we don't understand
but have no means of dealing
and sorting through and
expressing the emotions,
except through perhaps
extreme measures.
>>SUZY: Yep.
>>REGINA: They also
often generally
have very heightened
senses, sensory perception,
which now that
starts interfacing
with coming into a world like
this, coming into a household.
Let's talk about that.
>>SUZY: So if you
consider that, let's say,
their information
field allows them
to use all their
senses to perceive
at a multi-dimensional level.
So, for instance, hearing
to us is hearing, right?
And sometimes
things are too loud.
Sometimes they're too quiet.
Sometimes for a child
diagnosed with autism,
they are not only hearing
the loudness or quietness
of an experience,
but they are also
hearing all kinds of other
information within that.
So children
diagnosed with autism
hear what you don't say as much
as they hear what you do say.
>>REGINA: So, you're
talking about telepathy?
>>SUZY: Well, I'm not only
talking about telepathy,
because that is just an
innate capacity of theirs.
And I think it's one
of the reasons why
that was one of the first
things that opened up for me.
But it's not just that,
it's the telepathy is there,
but this capacity to read
an information field--
>>REGINA: More
multi-dimensional,
reaching into multi-dimensional
streams of information.
>>SUZY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SUZY: And so we have this
physical, mental, emotional
body that makes up
our human experience.
But there are all kinds of
different levels of information
that are within those fields.
And so something as
simple as a child
walking up to somebody
who is not yet
visibly pregnant,
but absolutely knows
that that individual is pregnant
because of the information
that's in that field.
Yep.
And very often we'll
say something like that.
This is really common.
And a lot of parents
of kids on the spectrum
will say my kid reads my mind.
Or if my emotions are off,
their emotions are off.
And this is because of that
multi-dimensional capacity.
So, seeing is not just seeing.
Hearing is not just hearing.
Touch is not just touch.
It's so much more
than that for them.
Because every way in which
they're using those senses,
they are gleaning
additional information.
>>REGINA: Right.
So it's almost an overload then?
>>SUZY: Well, it absolutely
can be an overload
until we know what they're doing
and we start communicating that
to them.
Because, quite frankly, this
is where we're all going.
We are all going to be
reading and experiencing
all kinds of different
information fields.
>>REGINA: Yes,
that is our future.
>>SUZY: That is
our-- well, it's--
>>REGINA: It's our beginning.
>>SUZY: It's our beginning
and it's our future.
Yes, absolutely.
>>REGINA: So if you're a
family and you have a newborn
and you start realizing this
newborn is uber sensitive
and start having
these traits, how
do you, besides what
you talked about,
about once you reflect on your
own out of balance portions,
it'll often correct a
behavior in a child.
Beyond that, how do you
create an environment
so that the child can thrive
and be able to hear themselves?
>>SUZY: This is a trick
right now, I will say.
And the reason it's
a trick is because we
have been so conditioned
as a humanity
to our perceived limitations.
We don't see ourselves
as gods and goddesses.
We don't see ourselves as
the multidimensional beings
that we actually are.
And so typically when we
see a child who's showing up
differently, uniquely--
seeing things in the room
that nobody else sees,
or talking to things that
nobody else is talking to,
we have a tendency to put them
in the category of disordered,
right?
And this is where education
is really important now
because we are at a
time in human history
where we absolutely have to
begin to perceive ourselves
as energy first.
So when I work with people,
the very first thing
that we go to is this is
what your child is doing,
this is why they're
doing it, this
is where they're doing it from.
And the first thing
that we want to do
is we want to start
talking to that child
about what they're
actually doing,
not what we perceive
that they're doing.
>>REGINA: So that kind of
honoring of what's going on?
>>SUZY: Exactly.
Exactly.
So something as
simple as, wow, I
notice that you see something
in the room that I don't see.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SUZY: I notice
that you really like
to snuggle up against my neck
and rub up against my neck.
And I wonder if you're
getting information that way?
I wonder if there's a reason
why certain foods that you
won't eat are the ones
that you won't eat?
What information-- we
want to look at everything
as information.
>>REGINA: So be curious about.
>>SUZY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SUZY: Yeah, curiosity.
>>REGINA: But what about the
actual environment itself?
Because you often
hear-- my neighbor,
for example, is a doctor,
a wonderful woman.
She's an angel.
I mean, I think she really is.
And she has two autistic sons.
One quite severe.
The other not as severe
in terms of the disruptive
behaviors in the household.
But it turns out she's also
on the spectrum, right?
>>SUZY: Yeah, it's very common.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so for
her, you can learn
how to adjust around that.
It's just like do not
go out with those people
anymore to that restaurant.
Because I can watch
her just shutting down.
It almost seems
like she can't hear.
>>SUZY: Right, yeah.
>>REGINA: And she's just like--
>>SUZY: Yeah, overwhelmed.
>>REGINA: a deer
in the headlights.
And I've just watched her
over a period of time.
She never said anything.
And then she'll just very
sweetly get up and say, well,
this has been nice and leave.
>>SUZY: Got to go.
>>REGINA: So, how
do we start helping
because this is not only
of the people in our lives.
This is us.
This is us in the
future, if not now.
How do we create
environments that
are more conducive to peace?
>>SUZY: Well, we become it.
And again, this is
where education really
comes into play.
And we'll talk about the
wish unit in a bit, too.
A device that can help
with that as well.
But this is the thing, it's
like the kids have always
said we can't be here until
here is the frequency of love.
We can't fully embody
here until here is love.
And so this is where
we're in a transition.
We've had all of these kids
show up that on the one
hand are holding this higher
vibration, this higher
frequency and on the other
hand, are really challenging
everybody in their
midst because they
are holding that vibration.
So this is where we
really are invited to find
that peace within ourselves.
And this is no small feat--
>>REGINA: Not, it's not.
>>SUZY: --for a parent of a
child diagnosed with autism.
But when we really begin
to understand that,
for, like your friend,
where is her peace?
Where does she find peace?
She finds peace in being
in that environment
for a small period of time
and then leaving and going
to where it feels a little
bit more sacred to her.
These ideas, these opportunities
to literally create
sacred spaces--
>>REGINA: That's what it seems
to me is really important.
>>SUZY: It's huge.
It's hugely important.
And this is also why this
population is demonstrating
to us everything that does not
work for evolving humanity--
like education,
public education--
>>REGINA: That's what
we're going to get into.
>>SUZY: --public schools.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SUZY: When you're in an
environment where everything is
about--
where everything is about
getting something done and not
anything about the being, right?
That it's not going to
work for us anymore.
It's not going to work
for an evolving humanity.
So, we really are looking
at creating these spaces.
And for those of us who have
this kind of information,
helping in every way we can
to create them everywhere,
because it's not just about
lowering the volume at a movie
theater or creating
a school or a center
where it's sensory appropriate
for this population.
Those are all wonderful steps.
But if we're really talking
about the future of humanity
and where these kids are
attempting to take us,
then we really
need to go inward.
We really need to
understand that by creating
these spaces within ourselves,
we begin to create that field.
And the more we
create that field,
the more the kids show up.
>>REGINA: Before we came on
here, when we were in the Green
Room, I sent you this
little thing I just
felt inclined to send you.
I'm sitting down to
read a book and, boom,
this message starts
coming through.
So I just took
dictation and I felt
compelled to share it with you.
You were reading
it and you said,
this is what the
kids are saying.
And this has to do with
the absolute necessity
that we, in every moment,
in every way possible,
start connecting to
the frequency of love.
>>SUZY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: If it's
an appreciation
for your little puppy.
It doesn't matter what it is.
>>SUZY: Absolutely.
It's anything that puts us
right in the world, anything
that puts us right with
ourselves in the world.
And again, on the
one hand, that's
not an easy task right
now because there's
so much going on in the world.
But again, I tell
parents all the time,
turn it all off because
you are attempting
to create an environment that
is literally sacred for you
and your kids.
And I have a couple that
I'm working with right now
that I absolutely adore.
They're an Indian couple.
And because of their
culture, and because
of their background,
they have practices
that they do that
have really enhance
that experience for them.
The truth of who they are
is being more embodied.
And as the truth of who they
are is being more embodied,
of course, their
son, looks at them
through those
multidimensional eyes,
and through that
multidimensional sight,
and is noticing what's working
for them in order to come in.
And he tracks them right in.
He follows them right in.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
You know, what
happens when we're
talking kind of
environmental, situational
when these kids interface
a lot with technology?
>>SUZY: It depends, honestly.
>>REGINA: Is it grounding,
or is it disorienting,
or is it individual?
>>SUZY: It's, in some
ways, it's individual.
But I think with all
the kids that I've
seen over the years,
what I will say
is the technology in some
ways is multilayered,
multi-dimensional as well.
The way technology is set up
now, and I'm not a tech person,
but what I notice is there's
an interest in that technology
because it is
multilayered, multi--
>>REGINA: It has
all these algorithms
running behind the scenes.
Yeah.
>>SUZY: Yeah, and it's short
and sweet and to the point.
And it just keeps moving, which
is very similar to the kids.
The challenge becomes when
that technology is really
wrapped up in violence and/or
aggression and/or anything that
really is not in alignment with
the souls of these kids seeking
to come into the frequency.
>>REGINA: That's
what my neighbor said
she's concerned about
because her younger
son has become addicted to
his technological devices,
but he is doing violent games.
>>SUZY: Yes.
>>REGINA: And she's seeing
big changes in his behavior.
He's not even trying
at school now.
>>SUZY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: He doesn't
want to anymore.
>>SUZY: Well, even, I would say,
over the last few years now,
I've had more
parents contacting me
saying that they've
kids are literally
throwing computers or phones.
I did have a mom the other
day on the integration series
that I teach and she
was saying, you know,
my child is definitely
giving me a message,
but he's picking up my
cell phone and tossing it.
And it was great.
I was like, would you
consider that maybe we
are so into this technology
right now it literally is
taking us away from ourselves?
And maybe some of that time
could be spent internally,
really kind of getting
to know who we are.
And he just literally
is tossing it
like that needs to go so
that we can be more present.
>>REGINA: Yeah, interesting.
So one of the things you and
I talked about a few weeks ago
when we decided to
do this interview
is I had interviewed
Dr. Linda Bachman.
>>SUZY: Right.
>>REGINA: And so
many of the beings,
people coming for
aggression now are
finding they're
not from here, also
a big increase relatively
of the instance of people
on the spectrum.
So coming in from other
places and you said, yes.
And so let's talk about that.
And then I want to go
to ancient times past.
But let's talk first about
beings who are telling you,
letting you know they've
come from somewhere
else for something
specific and may
be wired entirely differently.
>>SUZY: Absolutely.
So when I very first started
working with the kids,
I used to ask all the
time, it's like, OK,
clearly, you're not from here.
You know, where are you?
And at the time, I kind of
understood that the Earth
had 12 dimensions, you know?
And so--
>>REGINA: You assumed it's a
dimension of Earth, initially.
>>SUZY: I assumed it
was one of those, yes.
But what was great
is, like, and quite
honestly I wasn't at the time, I
wasn't looking into dimensions.
I didn't know what the different
dimensions actually really
meant.
But when I would ask, the kids
would say over and over again,
you know, where are you from?
19, 20, 32.
I was like, OK, and
what are your bodies
look like if you're
in those spaces?
Sometimes those
bodies were light.
Sometimes those bodies were
more like a consciousness.
Sometimes those bodies
were in a physical form.
But the whole expression of
that body was very different.
And they kept taking
me back to one
of the very first
experiences I had
after I met the kid
that changed my life
and I went from being
speech pathologist
to multidimensional
communicator.
People used to come
to my office and they
would lay down on
the table and I
would do energy work with them.
And when I would
close my eyes, I
would see their bodies as
their galactic self, right?
>>REGINA: So, what kind
of bodies have you seen?
>>SUZY: All kinds of bodies.
There are as many bodies
as you can conceive of.
But what I also
realized, especially
with this population, if
you have a body in a higher
dimensional state that
is not in alignment
with this human physical
body, this human physical body
is going to have all kinds
of challenges, right?
And so, again, how do we
integrate those two realities?
It's like trying to put two
main frames of a computer
together and have them
work as one unit, right?
But this is something
that we need
to address because, quite
frankly, every single one of us
is attempting to go through
this same integration process.
We're attempting to bring
the capacity that we actually
are in these other worlds
and realms and realities
into the human experience
so that we can gift back
to humanity what
we are in truth.
>>REGINA: And the
Earth, herself,
is going through these
vibratory changes.
>>SUZY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Refining herself.
And the only way to stay with
a body of any kind, a planet
or whatnot, is you
have to keep pace
with the available
frequencies to incarnate into.
>>SUZY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: If you can't raise
your frequencies over time,
you really can't
incarnate to Earth
or this iteration of Earth.
Maybe to another dimension
of it, but not this iteration
that we're all
sitting in together.
>>SUZY: Well, and I see
it as going both ways.
I mean, it's like that Earth
mother is a consciousness
of her own, right?
>>REGINA: Vast.
>>SUZY: And so, to me, this
population is not just this
population, but all the new
populations coming in are--
there's an exchange.
There's a vibrational exchange
going on between the Earth
and this consciousness.
Because as much as there
are all kinds of beings
that we can interact
with and there's
all kinds of information that
we can be privy to as we open
to these different
realms of ourselves,
I think the way that
humanity actually changes
is by giving birth, by literally
physically giving birth
to a child that holds a higher
vibrational field than what
has been here before.
>>REGINA: It makes total sense.
Its evolution.
>>SUZY: Its evolution.
And with one in 43 kids
diagnosed on the spectrum,
I mean, it's like--
>>REGINA: Now, when
you started this--
>>SUZY: One in 10,000.
>>REGINA: One in 10,000.
Yeah, one in 43.
And that number is going
to continue reducing.
>>SUZY: Yes.
Well, and what's
interesting too is
that when you look at some
of the kids that were born
like 25, 30 years ago,
like we were talking,
they did not have
the vibrational field
to step into, right?
It was very challenging for
them to be present here.
>>REGINA: A lot of upheaval for
the families and the beings.
>>SUZY: Oh, terrible.
And there was also
this energy of there
were very few of
those kids that were
able to really fully embody.
And by fully embody, I
don't mean that they end up
looking just like us.
What I mean is they fully embody
that frequency that they are
and they expressed
it and act from that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SUZY: The kids that
are coming in now
have the benefit of those
that have come before them.
And because humanity
as a whole is
starting to wake up and
evolve, express differently
than we have, they're
having a much easier time.
That's why I love
getting families
who have young kids
on the spectrum,
because you know that
you can completely
reorient how that experience
is going to be for them.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and media
has been taking it on.
>>SUZY: Yes.
>>REGINA: You have in all
different kinds of shows
someone on the spectrum
now is very common.
Even in the world
of cartoons, they'll
have someone who's on
the spectrum amidst
them who is screaming because
it's too loud or whatever.
And they'll say it's
just that I'm sensitive
and the sound feels
different to me.
And so the educational process
is becoming almost ubiquitous
through entertainment and media.
>>SUZY: Right.
And I love seeing
all of that shift.
And me being a little
bit of a futurist myself,
I still would love
this information
to expand into we are energy.
>>REGINA: Right,
it's not there yet.
>>SUZY: I know.
>>REGINA: It's not
there physically.
It's just accepting
people who are differently
at this, which is further
along than we were
10 or 15 years ago, for sure.
>>SUZY: Oh, light years ahead.
>>REGINA: It's a start.
So one of the things
that you talk about too
is that aside from
many of the beings
having totally different
cosmic bodies because they're
from other places and who've
come for task for purpose,
to teach, to help
lift the frequencies,
is also those who
are coming back
after a long break
from Lemurian times.
And a lot of our viewers
will find this interesting,
because many of them have past
life recall from the Lemurian
times and know a bit
about their own history.
Let's talk about the
significance of that?
>>SUZY: So, I kept
hearing from kids
that they were from Lemuria
over and over and over again.
And I got in a little
trouble, actually,
because I made a blanket
statement one point
and said, you know, autistic
individuals across the board
are from Lemuria.
I don't know if that's the case.
The ones that come to me have a
tendency to have started there,
you might say.
So at the time of Lemuria,
we were in bodies of light
and the body frequency
and the consciousness
were much more able
to interface, right?
And so a lot of those children--
literally, the last
time they were here
when I first started
working in '99,
the last time these
kids had been here
was at the time of Lemuria.
And it just blew me away that
these children, these souls,
could come into form holding
that kind of frequency
and yet being the
density of a 3D body.
So if you put those two things
together, it's like no wonder
that they have such a
challenge being in form.
>>REGINA: That makes sense.
And I reflect back to
my own spiritual group,
my guides talking
to me about what
it was like in the
beginning here,
which when everything was coming
in to formation before it was
dense, before it had
dropped into this frequency,
this density.
But the template was there.
The beings were there.
And it does make sense that
those who did not choose
to make that leap to incarnate
once we densify, so to speak--
>>SUZY: Yes, exactly.
>>REGINA: --and what pretty
much what we see now,
it makes sense that
while I know many did not
choose to incarnate
during those times
because it was too painful and
the merging wasn't going well.
But, like you say, the
Earth, herself, cosmically,
the frequencies are lifting.
So it makes sense
that the beings,
just by virtue of the
lift and vibration,
would be able to now
start contemplating
coming into a physical body.
But it's still
awfully dense compared
to what was in that pre-third
dimensional phase on Earth.
>>SUZY: The kids had
said at one point
that there was a
harmonic convergence
or something along those
lines like in 1986, I think.
That seemed to be a huge
portal to start letting
some of these souls come in.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>SUZY: And some
came in beforehand,
but they started coming
in mass, you might say.
Then, it started to--
yeah, just create
a portal, I guess,
to really start opening them
up to come in and show up.
And then I also heard that
in 1995, a lot of the souls
that started coming
in at that time
of the harmonic convergence,
they started getting stuck
is what the kids would say.
And when I asked about
what that was about,
that's where we got into the
whole thing about vaccinations
and things like that.
Because in 1995 is where the
American Medical Association
went from--
>>REGINA: Schedule.
>>SUZY: 12 to 36.
Tripled it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And there are many people
who make that argument.
Many.
>>SUZY: Yes.
>>REGINA: You can certainly go
to Children's Health Defense
to look into that.
>>SUZY: Totally.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So here we're
talking about, we brought it
up earlier, the
educational system.
How in the world-- and I
want to save a little time
for Wish and the technology.
How in the world are we
going to work this now?
What, when, we get to--
we're in one in 43?
It's not going to be a leap
at all before it's 1 in 10.
Or as educational systems
are completely outdated
for the new being, what
are we're going to do?
How is this going to go?
>>SUZY: Yeah, well, I think
that part of this last few years
have been really helpful too
because so many parents have
had to pull their
kids out of school--
>>REGINA: Because of COVID.
>>SUZY: Yeah, right.
And it may not
have been something
that they would have ever
considered doing before.
But for, I would say not all
of them, but for many of them,
they began to see that their
children function differently
because they were pulled
from those situations.
And again, I'm not saying that
every school is, you know?
>>REGINA: No, it's
just a system that
was created out of past needs.
>>SUZY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Not current
and future needs.
>>SUZY: And I think that
that's an important word
to use is the system is
not a vibrational match
to who these kids are.
Some of the individuals
in those systems are--
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>SUZY: --absolutely
a vibrational match.
>>REGINA: And some
schools are more.
>>SUZY: Right.
But what's fascinating
to me is that as parents
have been pulling
their kids home
and have had to seek
other opportunities,
they're seeing that their
children are more comfortable,
or are less aggressive,
or something's
changing behaviorally.
And for a parent of a
kid on the spectrum,
let me tell you if they
start seeing that shift,
they also, then, are starting
to make these shifts.
And so parents that would never
have considered homeschooling
or doing other things along
those lines all of a sudden
are--
something vibrational
has changed,
something energetically
is different.
So let's keep going
down this road.
I honestly think we're
just going to keep
going down that line, you know?
And different people
are coming together now
to literally create
sacred spaces.
They're literally
coming together
to speak to who these
children are in truth
and address them from
that vantage point.
>>REGINA: Well, and
so many more people
are able to also
communicate telepathically
than in the future.
I mean, then in the past.
That is our future.
>>SUZY: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And the kids are--
as the kids are working
with their parents
and they're working with people
like us who can access them,
what ends up happening is
they give us little glimpses
into their worlds.
I mean, I had a
kid a few years ago
that literally just
grabbed my hand.
I was sitting on a park
bench and he grabbed my hand.
And the next thing I know I'm in
a completely different reality
with him.
He's completely verbal
in that reality.
He's in his art studio.
He's telling me why he does art.
He also does art in the
physical, in this world, right?
And he's explaining all
of this information to me.
So what we really want
to begin to understand
is that they're
trying to access us.
And as we'll be
curious, like you
said, as we'll start asking more
questions than thinking that we
have the answers, they
begin to open us up
to our own
multidimensional capacity
just like they did for me.
If they can do it for
me, they can do it--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SUZY: --anywhere.
>>REGINA: Yeah, go ahead.
>>SUZY: Yeah, so I was just
saying that this is the gift.
And as they start
connecting with us,
we can start hearing
directly from them
what is required for
the next education
system, what is required for
the next medical systems.
>>REGINA: And we
can co-create it.
>>SUZY: And we can co-create it.
>>REGINA: Meanwhile,
sometimes technology
can give a little lift.
>>SUZY: A little boost.
>>REGINA: And so I want to
save just a few minutes for--
>>SUZY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So tell us
about the Wish technology
and-- we only have about five
minutes-- how it came about,
what it's being used for now?
>>SUZY: Yeah, so the
Wish technology stands
for World Integrity Space
Harmonizing Harmonizer.
And this is something that has
a fifth dimensional background.
So it has a different
state of consciousness
that this was created from.
And from me, for me,
I'm always looking
for things that can create
a higher symmetry state.
I'm always looking for
opportunities to create--
>>REGINA: Coherent
symmetry so forth.
>>SUZY: Exactly, and
create sacred space.
Basically, coherent space.
So this technology
was created really
to do just that so
that when somebody
has this unit in their
home, it actually starts to,
you might say, clear the
fields, clear the information
fields in the house, clear
the energy of the land.
And then by connecting up
with the unit yourself,
it starts to clear each
individual in the household.
>>REGINA: So what
happened when you
started playing with this with
some of your autistic clients?
>>SUZY: What happened, we had
one experience in particular
that really struck me.
Because when I first
started working with this,
I'm somebody who wants
to know that something's
going to do what it's
going to do in order
to bring it to my population.
And so I was going to visit some
friends and have some body work
and I took my unit with me.
And they also have
a friend who's
a client of mine who was
visiting at the same time.
So I gave them my unit--
they had just moved
into a new house--
so that they could
clear out the space.
And they kept talking
about the fact
that this little girl
diagnosed on the spectrum
was doing so well
in this new house.
And I wasn't paying
much attention to it
because I was there
for body work.
So on one day in particular,
we are all eating
and the little girls started
becoming very aggressive,
and she just got very
anxious, and her mom
was trying to support her, and
that wasn't really working.
And my friend came
down the stairs
and I said, is the Wish unit on?
And he said, no, I
just turned it off.
And I said, go turn it back on.
So he turned it back on
and it took three minutes
for this child to regulate.
And I asked her mom, I
said, how long would this
have taken if you were at home
under regular circumstances?
She goes an hour,
an hour and a half
and I would have just been
pinched, and kicked, and hit,
and kind of bruised up
in the meantime as I
tried to support her
as moving through this.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SUZY: So it was exactly
what I was asking for,
because we didn't set
it up as an experiment,
>>REGINA: You needed to
have some objective truth.
>>SUZY: I needed to
have some experience.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SUZY: Right.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
So people now, they use
it to help with their kids
and sooth them.
And when I first
heard about it, it
reminded me a
little bit of FLFE--
the Focus Life Force Energy.
Are they similar?
Do they have slightly
different functions?
They both bring up the
frequencies in a space.
>>SUZY: This, as I
have worked with this,
this is a consciousness.
So the consciousness has one
intention and one intention
only.
And that is for the highest
and best for each individual
in this space.
>>REGINA: So does it
permeate a small space?
>>SUZY: 3,000 square feet.
>>REGINA: 3,000 square feet?
>>SUZY: Yeah.
It can also be connected to
each person in the household.
So for a child diagnosed
on the spectrum,
let's say they're requiring a
little different vibrational
space.
You might say that maybe the
mother or the parents who
are attempting to
maybe work through some
of their own emotional
stress of having a child
diagnosed with autism.
So it does different
things for different people
because it's a consciousness.
And I've had some really fun
experiences with it myself.
So I just, yeah,
I know that it's--
>>REGINA: Now, did this come
about when William Tiller--
Yeah.
>>SUZY: Yes.
>>REGINA: Famous, wonderful
Dr. William Tiller,
who's no longer with
us, the man who said
love is the universal solvent.
>>SUZY: He was so right.
And the kids would--
>>REGINA: And they
all agree with him.
>>SUZY: --applaud
him over and over.
Yes.
So, yeah, I worked
with Bill Tiller
to do the autism
intervention experiment.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SUZY: And in
that experiment, we
use something called the
intention host device.
And the intervention
host device was brilliant
because Bill Tiller, in that
heart energy that he was,
was imprinting that intention
and broadcasting it.
And that intention
was coming directly
from the collective
consciousness of the children.
And then with his
heart energy, we
had some really lovely
success with that.
This is kind of what I would
consider the next generation
of the intention host device.
And the consciousness
here is also love-based--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SUZY: Love-based
consciousness.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes, wonderful.
Well, Suzy thank you for
all your work in this field
and for coming in,
helping us understand
this in more depth so
we can embrace this
in our own families, our own
lives, and in ourselves--
>>SUZY: Yeah, thank you.
>>REGINA: --as well.
Thank you.
>>SUZY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: If you have
someone in your life
that has been diagnosed
as on the spectrum,
please feel free to reach out
to Suzy to learn more about how
you can each gain the most
out of your relationship.
You can go to suzymiller.com.
And that's Suzy with a "z"--
S-u-z-y miller.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds".
[MUSIC PLAYING]